README.md, before:

# Callsim

The application consists of two seperate programms.

1. The Server
2. The Client

To run the entire application be sure to install an up-to-date
JRE/JDK (tested with Version 16 and should be compatible with 11)
and then start the server. If the server started successfully you 
can start as many clients as you wish.

If you do not already have an account you can create one (persistent) via the register button. There are already a few users registered for test purposes. Feel free to use them aswell (Most of the time their password is also their name)


# How to start the server

To start the Server either:

- Open the CMD-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "server"-Folder
- Open the Bash-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "server"-Folder
- Open up a Terminal and execute "java -jar \<PathToFile>\callsim-1.0.0.jar"
- [Mostly For Development] Open the "server"-Folder as a Project using VS-Code and press the "run"-Button

# How to start the client

To start the client either:

- Open the CMD-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "client"-Folder
- Open the Bash-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "client"-Folder
- Open up a Terminal and execute "java -jar \<PathToFile>\client-1.0.0-shaded.jar"
- [Mostly For Development] Open the "client"-Folder within the "client"-Folder as a Project using IntelliJ and press the "run"-Button

Commit message:

Added Git link for the submission

README.md, after:

# Callsim
(This project is also accessible via the following link: https://github.com/Fabi281/Callsim)

The application consists of two seperate programms.

1. The Server
2. The Client

To run the entire application be sure to install an up-to-date
JRE/JDK (tested with Version 16 and should be compatible with 11)
and then start the server. If the server started successfully you 
can start as many clients as you wish.

If you do not already have an account you can create one (persistent) via the register button. There are already a few users registered for test purposes. Feel free to use them aswell (Most of the time their password is also their name)


# How to start the server

To start the Server either:

- Open the CMD-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "server"-Folder
- Open the Bash-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "server"-Folder
- Open up a Terminal and execute "java -jar \<PathToFile>\callsim-1.0.0.jar"
- [Mostly For Development] Open the "server"-Folder as a Project using VS-Code and press the "run"-Button

# How to start the client

To start the client either:

- Open the CMD-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "client"-Folder
- Open the Bash-Script in the "Executable"-Folder in the "client"-Folder
- Open up a Terminal and execute "java -jar \<PathToFile>\client-1.0.0-shaded.jar"
- [Mostly For Development] Open the "client"-Folder within the "client"-Folder as a Project using IntelliJ and press the "run"-Button
